README.md, before:

# Skillfarm module for AllianceAuth.<a name="aa-skillfarm"></a>

[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/master.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/master)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Tests](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/actions/workflows/autotester.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/actions/workflows/autotester.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/graph/badge.svg?token=oFZPpgIXz4)](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm)

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/W7W810Q5J4)

The Skillfarm Tracker Module for Alliance Auth tracks skill queues, sends notifications if skills finished and highlights them, making skill management easier for Skillfarms.

______________________________________________________________________

- [AA Skillfarm](#aa-skillfarm)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Upcoming](#upcoming)
  - [Installation](#features)
    - [Step 0 - Check dependencies are installed](#step0)
    - [Step 1 - Install the Package](#step1)
    - [Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth](#step2)
    - [Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks and Settings](#step3)
    - [Step 4 - Migration to AA](#step4)
    - [Step 5 - Setting up Permissions](#step5)
    - [Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies](#step6)
  - [Highlights](#highlights)

## Features<a name="features"></a>

- Graphical Design
- Characters Overview
- Skillfarm Information Sheet
  - Filtered Skill Queue
  - Filtered Skills
  - Highlight finished Skills
- Filter Skills for each Character
- No Active Training hint

## Upcoming<a name="upcoming"></a>

- Notififcation System

## Installation<a name="installation"></a>

> \[!NOTE\]
> AA Skillfarm needs at least Alliance Auth v4.0.0
> Please make sure to update your Alliance Auth before you install this APP

### Step 0 - Check dependencies are installed<a name="step0"></a>

- Skillfarm needs the app [django-eveuniverse](https://apps.allianceauth.org/apps/detail/django-eveuniverse) to function. Please make sure it is installed.

### Step 1 - Install the Package<a name="step1"></a>

Make sure you're in your virtual environment (venv) of your Alliance Auth then install the pakage.

```shell
pip install aa-skillfarm
```

### Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth<a name="step2"></a>

Configure your Alliance Auth settings (`local.py`) as follows:

- Add `'skillfarm',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`

### Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks<a name="step3"></a>

To set up the Scheduled Tasks add following code to your `local.py`

```python
CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE["skillfarm_update_all_skillfarm"] = {
    "task": "skillfarm.tasks.update_all_skillfarm",
    "schedule": crontab(minute=0, hour="*/1"),
}
```

### Step 4 - Migration to AA<a name="step4"></a>

```shell
python manage.py collectstatic
python manage.py migrate
```

### Step 5 - Setting up Permissions<a name="step5"></a>

With the Following IDs you can set up the permissions for the Skillfarm

| ID             | Description                                      |                                                           |
| :------------- | :----------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------- |
| `basic_access` | Can access the Skillfarm module                  | All Members with the Permission can access the Skillfarm. |
| `corp_access`  | Has access to all characters in the corporation. | Can see all Skillfarm Characters from own Corporation.    |
| `admin_access` | Has access to all characters                     | Can see all Skillfarm Characters.                         |

### Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies<a name="step6"></a>

The Following Settings can be setting up in the `local.py`

- SKILLFARM_APP_NAME:            `"YOURNAME"`     - Set the name of the APP

- SKILLFARM_LOGGER_USE:          `True / False`   - Set to use own Logger File

- SKILLFARM_STALE_STATUS:        `3`              - Set the Stale Status for Skillfarm Character in hours

If you set up SKILLFARM_LOGGER_USE to `True` you need to add the following code below:

```python
LOGGING_SKILLFARM = {
    "handlers": {
        "skillfarm_file": {
            "level": "INFO",
            "class": "logging.handlers.RotatingFileHandler",
            "filename": os.path.join(BASE_DIR, "log/skillfarm.log"),
            "formatter": "verbose",
            "maxBytes": 1024 * 1024 * 5,
            "backupCount": 5,
        },
    },
    "loggers": {
        "skillfarm": {
            "handlers": ["skillfarm_file", "console"],
            "level": "INFO",
        },
    },
}
LOGGING["handlers"].update(LOGGING_SKILLFARM["handlers"])
LOGGING["loggers"].update(LOGGING_SKILLFARM["loggers"])
```

## Highlights<a name="highlights"></a>

![skillfarm1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7a99b75-39c0-4349-84ae-89c5c48262c2)
![Screenshot 2024-09-21 012008](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/567197cc-c55f-4b0e-b470-d4ceeadcfb15)

> \[!NOTE\]
> Contributing
> You want to improve the project?
> Just Make a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/pulls) with the Guidelines.
> We Using pre-commit

Commit message:

Release 0.3.1 (#4)
* [FIX] Skillfarm Overview

* [FIX] Last Update not shown

* [MISC] Changelog

* [FIX] Skill Queue is_active function

* [ADD] Add is_active check on skillfarm api

* [MISC] Update Pre Commit

* [CHANGE] JS progressbar & No Active Skill Training now check via is_active variable

* [ADD] skill exctraction checker
[FIX] wrong progress bar caclculation for filtered skills

* [MISCC] Add missing models

* [ADD] Skill Extraction Checcker

* [ADD] finish skill checker

* [MISC] Update Changelog

* [MISC] Update Readme

* [ADD] Notification Cooldown

* [REMOVE] SkillFarmNotification Model

* [ADD] Notification System
[REMOVE] Notification Model
[ADD] Finished Skill Checker
[ADD] is_cooldown property

* [ADD] Skillfarm Notification Task

* [UPDATE] Update Migration

* [MISC] Update README

* [FIX] Cyclic Import

* [FIX] Empty Queue not be deleted

* [ADD] switch activity settings

* [REMOVE] remove active filter

* [CHANGE] Set default cooldown to 3 days

* [ADD] Acitivty Switcher
[CHANGE] Add Character forces updates

* [FIX] old code delete entry

* [UPDATE] CSS Design
[ADD] Inactive Table

* [UPDATE] More CSS Fixes

* [MISC] Update Changelog

* [FIX] Cyclic Import

* [FIX] Maybe now

* [CHANGE] Update only active characters

* [CHANGE] Ensure that only set `notification_sent` if sent

* [MISC] Update README

* Bump to 0.3.1

---------

Co-authored-by: Geuthur <geuthur@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Skillfarm module for AllianceAuth.<a name="aa-skillfarm"></a>

[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/master.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/master)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Tests](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/actions/workflows/autotester.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/actions/workflows/autotester.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/graph/badge.svg?token=oFZPpgIXz4)](https://codecov.io/gh/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm)

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/W7W810Q5J4)

The Skillfarm Tracker Module for Alliance Auth tracks skill queues, sends notifications if skills finished and highlights them, making skill management easier for Skillfarms.

______________________________________________________________________

- [AA Skillfarm](#aa-skillfarm)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Upcoming](#upcoming)
  - [Installation](#features)
    - [Step 0 - Check dependencies are installed](#step0)
    - [Step 1 - Install the Package](#step1)
    - [Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth](#step2)
    - [Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks and Settings](#step3)
    - [Step 4 - Migration to AA](#step4)
    - [Step 5 - Setting up Permissions](#step5)
    - [Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies](#step6)
  - [Highlights](#highlights)

## Features<a name="features"></a>

- Graphical Design
- Characters Overview
- Skillfarm Information Sheet
  - Filtered Skill Queue
  - Filtered Skills
  - Highlight finished Skills
  - No Active Training hint
- Filter Skills for each Character
- Notification System
- Enable/Disable Characters

## Installation<a name="installation"></a>

> \[!NOTE\]
> AA Skillfarm needs at least Alliance Auth v4.0.0
> Please make sure to update your Alliance Auth before you install this APP

### Step 0 - Check dependencies are installed<a name="step0"></a>

- Skillfarm needs the app [django-eveuniverse](https://apps.allianceauth.org/apps/detail/django-eveuniverse) to function. Please make sure it is installed.

### Step 1 - Install the Package<a name="step1"></a>

Make sure you're in your virtual environment (venv) of your Alliance Auth then install the pakage.

```shell
pip install aa-skillfarm
```

### Step 2 - Configure Alliance Auth<a name="step2"></a>

Configure your Alliance Auth settings (`local.py`) as follows:

- Add `'skillfarm',` to `INSTALLED_APPS`

### Step 3 - Add the Scheduled Tasks<a name="step3"></a>

To set up the Scheduled Tasks add following code to your `local.py`

```python
CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE["skillfarm_update_all_skillfarm"] = {
    "task": "skillfarm.tasks.update_all_skillfarm",
    "schedule": crontab(minute=0, hour="*/1"),
}

CELERYBEAT_SCHEDULE["skillfarm_check_skillfarm_notifications"] = {
    "task": "skillfarm.tasks.check_skillfarm_notifications",
    "schedule": crontab(minute=0, hour="*/12"),
}
```

### Step 4 - Migration to AA<a name="step4"></a>

```shell
python manage.py collectstatic
python manage.py migrate
```

### Step 5 - Setting up Permissions<a name="step5"></a>

With the Following IDs you can set up the permissions for the Skillfarm

| ID             | Description                                      |                                                           |
| :------------- | :----------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------- |
| `basic_access` | Can access the Skillfarm module                  | All Members with the Permission can access the Skillfarm. |
| `corp_access`  | Has access to all characters in the corporation. | Can see all Skillfarm Characters from own Corporation.    |
| `admin_access` | Has access to all characters                     | Can see all Skillfarm Characters.                         |

### Step 6 - (Optional) Setting up Compatibilies<a name="step6"></a>

The Following Settings can be setting up in the `local.py`

| Setting Name                      | Descriptioon                                           | Default       |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |
| `SKILLFARM_APP_NAME`              | Set the name of the APP                                | `"Skillfarm"` |
| `SKILLFARM_LOGGER_USE`            | Set to use own Logger File `True/False`                | `False`       |
| `SKILLFARM_STALE_STATUS`          | Set the Stale Status for Skillfarm Character in hours  | `3`           |
| `SKILLFARM_NOTIFICATION_COOLDOWN` | Number of days to wait before resending a notification | `3`           |

If you set up SKILLFARM_LOGGER_USE to `True` you need to add the following code below:

```python
LOGGING_SKILLFARM = {
    "handlers": {
        "skillfarm_file": {
            "level": "INFO",
            "class": "logging.handlers.RotatingFileHandler",
            "filename": os.path.join(BASE_DIR, "log/skillfarm.log"),
            "formatter": "verbose",
            "maxBytes": 1024 * 1024 * 5,
            "backupCount": 5,
        },
    },
    "loggers": {
        "skillfarm": {
            "handlers": ["skillfarm_file", "console"],
            "level": "INFO",
        },
    },
}
LOGGING["handlers"].update(LOGGING_SKILLFARM["handlers"])
LOGGING["loggers"].update(LOGGING_SKILLFARM["loggers"])
```

## Highlights<a name="highlights"></a>

![skillfarm1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7a99b75-39c0-4349-84ae-89c5c48262c2)
![Screenshot 2024-09-21 012008](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/567197cc-c55f-4b0e-b470-d4ceeadcfb15)

> \[!NOTE\]
> Contributing
> You want to improve the project?
> Just Make a [Pull Request](https://github.com/Geuthur/aa-skillfarm/pulls) with the Guidelines.
> We Using pre-commit
